(Yeah,Yeah,Yeah,Yeah)
(Yeah,Yeah,Yeah,Yeah)
(Yeah,Yeah,Yeah,Yeah)
(Yeah,Yeah,Yeah,Yeah)
Nigga I'm a G and I always be Straight up
You too ? I was selling ? 21
You had ? and ? I had 223's On god
You was begging please I had her on her knees On god
Way too rich to wife a bitch I pass on her ? On god
Touch ? ... On god
This a trap spot we got grams on the ? On god
Let that bitch be free you keep  cuffing her and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep sucking me and shit Straight up
My pistol madd at me he say you tucking me and shit Straight up,Straight up
The police  sayin" savage keep on ducking me and shit Straight up,Straight up
We kick your head like soccer balls and ? and shit Straight up,Straight up
Lil bitch suck it up 21
All that goddamn (?] 21
I'm 4L gang you mud 21
Y'all niggas soft ? 21
My nigga ? later Yeah
All my dawgs getting paper Yeah
Y'al throwing ? Yeah
Way too ? can't pay her Yeah
Diamons on my neck they [?] Yeah
Pull with a stick they scared Straight up
We throw bullets no chairs Straight up
She keep looking I'm a slayer Straight up
? ... Straight up)
? ... Straight up
Zone six I'm always there Straight up
When isn't you ? Straight up
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
She say I'm a dawg she be walking me and shit Straight up
She catch me with a bitch she be blocking me and shit (Straight up)
Come and get your bitch she keep tapping me and shit 21
These hoes like mosquitos I keep ? and shit
50 sound south I got ? 21
You try to ? a savage slave Straight up,Straight up
House so big that I got 10 maids Straight up,Straight up
All these square footage like a maid Straight up,Straight up
She pull up to my house she was a maid Straight up,Straight up
All these chains I feel like I'm a slave Straight up,Straight up
You must be that little nigga need to pay Straight up,Straight up
AR with the scope gon hit you 6 ways Straight up,Straight up
Bitch I'm slaughtergang I keep a switchblade On God,On god
Stab you in your back yea that's that switchblade On God,On god
These bitches ain't getting no money since they took ? On God,On god
Savage on that gangsta shit like ? On god
Mini micro I got ? On god
I don't pay no games I'm not a ? On god
Beat a nigga ass like ? Straight up)
Take a nigga bike and his ? Straight up)
? ... 21,21
Used to trap on boulevard on the highway 21,21
? ... Yeah
4L crown ? keep a ? Yeah
Gun make a bitch boy ? the wrong way Ya dig
Choppa ? nigga sensei Ya dig
Selling hard on glenwood at the save way Ya dig
On ma mamma made 3 m's nigga last wednesday Ya dig
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
Come and get your bitch she keep stalking me and shit On god
She say I'm a dawg she be walking me and shit Straight up
She catch me with a bitch she be blocking me and shit Straight up
Come and get your bitch she keep tapping me and shit 21
These hoes like mosquitos I keep ? and shit
