(Hook)
I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc in the worrllld
I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc in the worrllld
(Verse 1)
As soon as I grab it
I eat it up like a, savage
And no I don't have it
I get it together like a marriage
I'm seeking all rappers
I'm on my p's and q's and carrots
Yall don't understand? Well god damn don't yall know my status?
I'm flowin the fattest(mmmm), that is (mmm), I'm the baddest
No need to explain my name, the only thing that matters
For suckas who bite me
They find I'm a bit much to swallow
You thinkin it's hollow
My rhythm is too r-rugged to follow
It hit you like bam, biggeda bam bam, biggeda bam... aiight?
God damn...
The kid is a wizard, I'm definitely destined to make eight digits
Met up with g rap on the road to riches
As soon as I step up, nahhh, whenever I'm in the, ugh, whatever I touch whatever I clutch you know I'm gonna injure
Ugh, the nigga don't play
Ugh, the nigga'll slay
So wiggle away heyyy you gotta dig that nigga jayyyyy...
(Hook)
(Verse 2)
I be thorough, in every borough
My name be ringing
For drug slinging
And doin my thing and
But fuck that
Boot-knockin
Some lady be jockin, my money be Flippin
I see ya peekin when I'm freakin nigga stop riffin
I got the I-deal, skills for real
Six digits before i had a deal son chill
Whoo's that?
Wit a flip of the melodramatic to cruuise back,I just loves the ways I do's that
Better at, rippin it, Flippin it flow-in, kickin the fly shit
For brothers I'm givin a bit of advice like, don't even try that shit
I got skills till its un-real, bro-ken down, I'm speedin it up to a hundred an eighty thousand trillion mills
So whatever is said, about a brother as bein nice as me
Yall know that shit is dead riight? That shit is dead
Jiggeda-uhh, iggeda-uh-uh, the wiggeda-uh-uh
Why ask why when the shit sound this fly?
(Hook)
(Verse 3)
Here i,Here I,here I,here I come, agu-gu-gu-gain
Run, up-up-up-up in
Niggas is duh-du-duckin I boo-boo-boo-buck it, fuck it I'm wild
Bitta boo boo boo bam
Whatchu niggas gonna do to the man?
I see you broughtcha little crew... and?
I'm still comin wit velocity check it out
Jid-ay, id-ay, wid-iah, zid-ee, uhuhhh
Ain't none of these clowns fuckin around
Ain't none of these clowns, standin they ground, with the crowned prince of the underground
Sounds like I'm ready to catch wreck now
The heat's on, sweat now
Jay z's on, be gone to the next town, punks
Jump up and get beat down
Check it out-check it out, check it out, ladies
Be comin out they seats now(woooo!)
This kid, got, skills
Its a pity they way I'm rippin rugged rhythm through the city like
Tunini-nunini-nunini-nu-nu-ni-diddy
I got rhythm, I
Hit em with rhythm, I
Hit em and split em I did em I get rid of them guys
J-A, baby baby please, Gimme fees
Baby baby we crazy-ees, while jay-z gets crazy G's
I pick a pray, then I slay, never bring in my way
I'm Cuttin your shit short, hey... aiight?
(Hook×2)
(Outro)
Aiight?
Jay z, 1994 and forever
Clark kent, made the tracks lovely... aiight?
So yall act like Bo Jackson and get hip to this aiight?
On the real... niggas can't fuck around, Yall niggas can't see me
What? What? What? I'm out...
(Scratches)
I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc
I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc
I'm the greatest mc, I'm the greatest mc in the worrllld (greatest mc in the worrllld)
