Ladies and gentlemen! My man, Kendrick Lamar!
Livin' in America
Thuggin' in the trap
Livin' in a groove
Watchin' TV
Dedicated to the homies in the pen', hit me!
I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
The Devil wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry, yay yay
As I look around me
So many motherfuckers wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me
(And I love myself)
Uh, when you lookin' at me, uh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
(I love myself)
Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy think they high
(I love myself)
Uh, one day at a time, sun gon' shine
Everybody lookin' at you crazy (Crazy)
What you gon' do? (What you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep moving (Keep moving)
Or let the paranoia haunt you? (Haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this, huh
(I love myself)
Uh, when you lookin' at me, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
(I love myself)
Uh, illuminated hands of God, boy don't seem shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, sun gon' shine
When they say it's a war outside, bomb in the street
Gun in the hood, mob of police
Rock on the corner with a line full of fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on a scheme
(These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation)
Ah man
(I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis)
Uh, dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
Sky could fall down, the wind could cry now
The strong in me, I still smile
(I love myself)
Huh, when you lookin' at me, uh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
(I love myself)
Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't be shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, sun gon' shine, everybody, hit me!
(Walk my bare feet, walk my bare feet)
(Down, down valley deep, down, down valley deep)
(Fi-fie-fo-fum, fi-fie-fo-fum)
(My heart undone, my heart undone)
Oh man, hey check this out, this a real Compton thing goin' on right now, ya feel what I'm talkin' bout? Ya dig that? Sometimes I just get a little bit beside myself, you know what I'm talkin' bout? This here's the return of Enoch, and we gonna do it to you like this, here we go: one, two, three, hit me!
And I love myself
(The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs)
I love myself
(But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind)
I love myself
(He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide)
I love myself
(One day at a time, sun gon' shine)
I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it till I get it right
War last night
I've been dealing with depression, duckin' every other blessin'
I could never see the message, I could--
I could never take the lead, never bob and weave
Negative letting them annihilate me
Evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my--
Money in the ceiling lay my body in the street
Glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Seen enough, make everybody scream, "I love myself!"
I lost my head
I must've misread what the good book said
Oh woes keep me, it's a jungle inside
Give myself again 'til the well runs dry
Ah man, ay, ay homie, I told you it's a straight up Compton thing, ya dig what I'm talkin' bout? And this here is dedicated to the homies. Y'all feel what I'm saying? And sometimes I just get beside myself. The return of the Enoch is back, you hear what I'm talkin' bout?
Uh, I've been lookin' for you my whole life, appetite
For this feeling I can barely describe, where you reside?
In a woman, is it in money, or mankind?
Something's got me losing my mind
Where you at? From the front to the back
I'm lookin' for you, I react only when you react
I thought I found you back in the ghetto
When I was 17 with the .38 Special
Maybe you're in a dollar bill, maybe you're not real
Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel
Maybe I'm paranoid, ha, maybe I don't need you anyway
Don't lie to me, I'm suicidal any day
I could be your advocate
I could speak for you if you tell me what the matter is
I could preach for you with the mighty tongue
I'm the one, how can I, overcome
Negative energy while I give infinitely and survive?!
