And this is just a mixtape, damn
Well, it's a little more than that
It's more like a message
More like a change for the better
And this is just a mixtape, damn
It's more of a dedication
D3!
And this is just a mixtape, damn
This what y'all was waiting for?
DJ Drama!
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you mothafuckas come for me, yah (Ill!)
Don't worry if me gotta gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yeah
But you should be more afraid of the killer in me (Ohh!)
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em, I'm about to kill 'em
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em, I'm about to kill 'em
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, so fuck it, I'ma kill 'em (Gangsta!)
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, so fuck it, I'ma kill 'em
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, yeah!
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you mothafuckas come for me, yah
Don't worry if me gotta gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Young veteran, soon to be OG
Plus I spit like a crackhead with no teeth
I hear you little niggas barking, want more beef
You like a nigga with no guns, you gets no peace
And when it comes to money my shit is obese
Like Della Reese, I need celery
More money, what the fuck these niggas telling me?
I'm young Lucifer, take em all to hell with me, yeah
Drop 'em off in a fire storm, YM riot squad, get our riot on
If he testify like Common, see the fire bomb
If you know what's best, mothafucka, get your quiet on
These niggas starving out here getting they diet on
While I'm eating, nigga, gripping on my styrofoam
One man game, nigga, I'ma die alone
For now, I'm with your girl, getting my Rowdy Roddy Piper on
Willie the Kid, pull guns like a hamstring
No bull, I push Pro-Vs like Pantene
Blow like a trombone, funny niggas, tambourine
Players get jumped like a trampoline, tangerine
Gators day, nay-sayers, mascara wearers
And my niggas on paper, getting paper like ballplayers
No blood no foul, yeah, my heart cold as Moscow
We nap ya kin like a hot towel (Gangsta!)
All my hoes hostile, not me, never tell me "not now"
Rap niggas, forty-cal. to your brow (Ugh, ugh)
Roof-remover, we leave your brain with more air
Maneuver, I leave your bitch with a moist chair (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Seduce her, yeah, you rappers should be tired of lyin'
But I know it's hard like a tire iron
But yet it's complex, like it's Mayan science
Or Aztec math, I'm crazy as a mesc' tab
I feed niggas like a mess hall
And yes, y'all, It's Willie, how I address y'all
Or like a stylist, nobody's fly as this
You crazy? I'm getting brain like a psychiatrist
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you mothafuckas come for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Don't worry if me gotta gun
You should have a gun for me, yah
And all these niggas is killers (killers with you)
And all these killers with me, yeah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta!)
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'ma kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em
They say powder makes you hyper, reefer makes you calm
Cigarettes give you cancer, woo-woos make you dull
While I sip the purple harlot, thick as my Southern drawl
Put me on the ocean floor wit a mermaid wit no draws
They got bats up in the cave, upside-down
Blood rushing to they head, they reacting off sound
As I stand on the mound, pitching for the crown
Uptown-bound, face painted like a clown
Reciting scriptures from the chapters, Proverbs, Leviticus
Old-ass rappers complaining what the business is
'Bout the state of hip, soundin like some bitches
Hop your ass up off a rich nigga dick, it's ridiculous
The new school nigga, what you need to do is become a resident
Under conditions, get your ass up off your ass
And get your ass up on a mission, become some competition
Like Federer and Nadal, Young Money, nigga, we ball
Like Kobe or Chris Paul, forgiving a wack cracker
Still sipping Cristal, waving the lifeline
Since life's a bitch, y'all, raising up the skirts of Jezebels
For no cash, like, "Bitch, gimme that ass"
Or pulling up to the lot like, "Gimme that Jag'"
No, pulling up to the lot like, "Gimme that Lam'"
They study me, yeah, they cram, like I'm a final exam
If I hit you in your back, tou'll need a spinal exam
I'm something like a rhino or ram, animal, beast
Irritating you pussies like chlamydia, yeast
YM militia, you niggas better retreat
Or be like this beat, R.I.P., deceased
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'm kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Yeah, already, you better call every pallbear-ier in y'all area
The ball carrier gon' get popped, if I'm coming around the block The in-swing drive gets stopped, he gon' drop like a flop
On the court, I love sports, that's why I play my bitches
'Cause I got game, that's why you pay my bitches, yeah
Same hustle, new money
I'm just hip-hopping like two bunnies (Gangsta!)
Who run it? Bitch nigga, moi
That was French, nigga, not a kiss, nigga, nah
Ha, no homo, rappers get ate like four and four
They say I fucked so-and-so
And I be like "So, so and so"
Nikes on they neck, they like, "Let me breathe"
I'm sorry, but I can't, this is how we feed (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
This is why we hot, this is how we freeze
Too fast to follow, this is why we lead
And the money in the pocket isn't why we Gs, see
This is how we shoot and this is how we leave (Gangsta!)
You know we tote steel, this is how we ease
You can get the steel if you try these thieves, now
Pass me the Swisher, let me climb these trees
And them haters say we couldn't, this is why we bes
This shit like pudding, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling me to the ground (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Young
Young, Young
Dedication 3
Young
Y'all ready?!
Young Mula, crazy
