Ayy, let me hear that ho, Jeff
Official tishial (what?)
I fucked that bitch I cannot miss her
I'm ballin' on niggas just like a clipper
Your bitch in the gang, let her blow the whistle
The gang got choppas all in the Sprinter
I bought me the Rolls, this not a rental
I gave her a bag, that bitch a winner (bag)
She wanted steak, got the chicken dinner
You got it? Then show the cash (racks)
The money come fast, just like the dash
So I gotta blow the bag (what?)
That bitch she bad
She let me smash, she on me like shoulder pads
Playing with the check
Young nigga imma blow the racks (racks!)
Spend a whole 100 nigga imma go make it....
....50/50, goin' in 50/50 (woo)
I cut up too deep, he get to stitching
Then go and switch a new color Bentley
Circle the frames, John Lennon
How much it paid? Mind your business (cash)
Free all my dawgs they got sentenced (sentenced!)
If they don't, we gon' shoot the lieutenant (bow!)
My family proud, no Penny (proud!)
I'm rocking the crowd, like Lenny (crowd!)
I am a dog, you see me (grr)
My dog collar got VV's
Touch down, we fuck up the city (fuck it up)
Not sorry for niggas no pity (nah)
Celebrate with the gang
Order up singles and throw 'em on titties (Takeoff!)
Official tishial, call triple
'Tryna get a 20 up out of that nigga (twenty!)
Chrome Hearts denim
She want the purple pickle in the mink for the winter
I drive the Rolls [???]
Baguette the Patek its cold
You touch on my wrist and you might just shiver (ice)
Serial killing 'em (killing 'em!)
Your backend got minimal, pitiful
Once the condition is critical (critical)
Migo gang we going digital (go!)
Turn on our TV (why?)
My momma just said that she see me (momma!)
The guys say it's Eliantte, they don't need glass
Their jewelry be 3D (look at the ice!)
And when it's smoke
You notice that we the ones come
While they be just tweeting (shhh)
Marvin the Martian
Look at them niggas they starving 'cause they not eating (starve)
I put my wrist in the pot that's a [?] man
Then I get to beating (let's go)
Everyday my bitch b-day
I was down with three hoes on the PJ
What he do if bitch don't do what he say? (uh huh)
Park the car, put her out on the freeway (let's go)
Only way that I'm living expensive
Got bitches on bitches
They think imma tip 'em
Soon as Baby walk in bitches giggle
I got whole different colors like Skittles (let's go)
Park my new shit and hop in a rental (slide)
You fuck up my vibe I might spin her
All my diamonds VV's I ain't kidding (bling)
How he get on TV with that pistol?
Who that? Baby
Migos and Rich, plenty vibes wanna eat on my dick
Bitch I'm tired, done got top out the six (let's go)
I go live, put some Bop in that shit (I bop)
Platinum plaques, that little nigga get active
I pull up by myself with the ratchet (no flop)
'Soon as that nigga drop, automatic
Fuck around and go pop, Michael Jackson (popstar)
