{Omar Epps - Q}
You're crazy man!
{2Pac - Bishop}
You know what? When you said that last time
I was kinda trippin' right, but now
You're right, I am crazy
But you know what else? I don't give a fuck
Check it out
Is it, money or women to funny beginnings, tragic endings
I can make a million and STILL not get enough of spending
And since my life is based on sinnin', I'm hell bound
Rather be buried than be worried, livin' held down
My game plan to be trained heavy, military
Mind of a Thug Lord, sittin' in the cemetery
Cryin', I've been lost since my adolescence, callin' to Jesus
Ballin' as a youngster, wonderin' if he sees us
Young black males, crack sales got me three strikes
Livin' in jail, this is hell, enemies die
Wonder when we all pass is anybody listenin'?
Got my, hands on my semi shotty, everybody's snitchin'
Please God can you understand me, bless my family
Guide us all, before we fall into insanity
I make it a point, to make my beat bumpin' warlike
Drop some shit, to have these stupid bitches jaws tight
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight!
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight now
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight!
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight!
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight now
Go, niggas wanna get it on, let's fight
I got some niggas in my click that make they motherfucking jaws tight
{Scratches}
The Evil Genius
Throw them dubs up
{2Pac - Bishop}
You gotta snatch some collars and let them motherfuckers know you there to take them out
{Xzibit}
Mr. X to the you know me (Yeah, C'mon!)
The love's been lost, the gloves is off, so figure
What side you tryin' be on, the barrel or the trigger?
A gang of niggas talkin' the talk, but ain't walkin' the straight line
They tryin' to hide behind the one time
Fuck being scary and constantly with security
I ain't afraid of whatever you faggots try to do to me
Shoot at me, try to corner me, orderlies try to get at me
Flip it like fake identities, stickin' it to my enemies (Enemies!)
And have you runnin' for your motherfuckin' lives
Till they put me in a courtroom fightin' for mines
The only reason I got foes that used to be friends
When niggas mumble under they breath, I'm under their skin, so then
I pray for the strength to handle what my city bring
Better stand for something, or your bound to fall for anything
The pitfalls, the potholes, I spit flows that generate straight crack sales, we got those
One hitter quitter split a nigga like a embryo
Bring it to your crib, to your kids, to your video shoot
Give me the loot, my dues all paid up
The half-assed gettin' rat packed and sprayed up
You say what? Speak up punk, I can't hear you
You're transparent, Reynold's wrap, I'm seein' clear through
Pray for my downfall, talk like hoes
Mister rack rack the gauge and kick in the do'
And motherfuckers tryna say I couldn't rap no mo'
Like one monkey gon' stop the show
Lets go!
Dirty Harry
